docker/README.md, before:

# Docker as a local cloud provider
jclouds-docker is a local cloud provider modelled on [docker](http://www.docker.io). Similar to other jclouds supported
providers, it supports the same portable abstractions offered by jclouds.

##Setup

Please follow these steps to configure your workstation for jclouds-docker:

- install the latest Docker release (please visit https://docs.docker.com/installation/)
If you are using boot2docker, notice that from version v1.3.0 the Docker daemon is set to use an encrypted TCP socket (--tls, or --tlsverify), 
then you need to create a p12 certificate using the following command:
      
      `openssl pkcs12 -export -out $HOME/.jclouds/docker.p12 -inkey $HOME/.boot2docker/certs/boot2docker-vm/key.pem -in $HOME/.boot2docker/certs/boot2docker-vm/cert.pem -certfile $HOME/.boot2docker/certs/boot2docker-vm/ca.pem`

#How it works


                                               ---------------   -------------
                                              |   Image(s)    | |   Node(s)   |
                                              ---------------   -------------
     ---------    docker remote api           ----------------------------------------
    | jclouds | ---------------------------> |              DOCKER_HOST              |
     ---------                               ----------------------------------------

##Components

- jclouds \- acts as a java client to access to docker features
- DOCKER_HOST \- hosts Docker API, NB: jclouds-docker assumes that the latest Docker is installed
- Image \- it is a docker image that can be started.
- Node \- is a docker container

## Assumptions

- jclouds-docker assumes that the images specified using the template are ssh'able.

--------------

#Notes:
- jclouds-docker is still at alpha stage please report any issues you find at [jclouds issues](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/JCLOUDS)
- jclouds-docker has been tested on Mac OSX, it might work on Linux iff vbox is running and set up correctly. However, it has never been tried on Windows.

--------------

#Troubleshooting
As jclouds docker support is quite new, issues may occasionally arise. Please follow these steps to get things going again:

1. Remove all containers
    
    `$ docker ps -aq | xargs docker rm -f`
2. remove all the images

    `$ docker images -q | xargs docker rmi -f`

Commit message:

support for docker 1.3.2
- update value objects (Container, Config)
- add new value object (Resource, StatusCode)
- add more options for ContainerApi
- add support for pause/unpause, restart, kill, copy and attach APIs + Mock and Live tests
- add *ParseTest
- refactor MockTests
- removed *Options.NONE
- cleanup low-value javadoc
- more coverage in LiveTests
- removed useless DockerProperties
- add comments for TLS issue
- use Date where needed
- fix listImages
- add package-private constructor to value classes
- remove KillOptions, RestartOptions, StopOptions in favour of @QueryParam
- use PEM instead of PKCS12 format
- update docker/pom.xml to use sshj dependencies
- explicit usage of OkHttp driver
- simplify DockerApiMetadata
- add bouncycastle driver explicitly

docker/README.md, after:

# Docker as a local cloud provider
jclouds-docker is a local cloud provider modelled on [docker](http://www.docker.io). Similar to other jclouds supported
providers, it supports the same portable abstractions offered by jclouds.

##Setup

Please follow these steps to configure your workstation for jclouds-docker:

- install the latest Docker release (please visit https://docs.docker.com/installation/)

If you are using `boot2docker`, notice that from version v1.3.0 the Docker daemon is set to use an encrypted TCP
socket (--tls, or --tlsverify),
then you need to import CA certificate into Trusted Certs:
      
      ` keytool -import -trustcacerts -file /Users/andrea/.boot2docker/certs/boot2docker-vm/ca.pem -alias BOOT2DOCKER -keystore $JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security/cacerts`

by default the passoword is `changeit`

N.B.: From `Docker 1.3.2+` the server doesn't accept sslv3 protocol (https://github.com/docker/docker/pull/8588/files)

#How it works


                                               ---------------   -------------
                                              |   Image(s)    | |   Node(s)   |
                                              ---------------   -------------
     ---------    docker remote api           ----------------------------------------
    | jclouds | ---------------------------> |              DOCKER_HOST              |
     ---------                               ----------------------------------------

##Components

- jclouds \- acts as a java client to access to docker features
- DOCKER_HOST \- hosts Docker API, NB: jclouds-docker assumes that the latest Docker is installed
- Image \- it is a docker image that can be started.
- Node \- is a docker container

## Assumptions

- jclouds-docker assumes that the images specified using the template are ssh'able.

--------------

#Notes:
- jclouds-docker is still at alpha stage please report any issues you find at [jclouds issues](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/JCLOUDS)
- jclouds-docker has been tested on Mac OSX, it might work on Linux iff vbox is running and set up correctly. However, it has never been tried on Windows.

--------------

#Troubleshooting
As jclouds docker support is quite new, issues may occasionally arise. Please follow these steps to get things going again:

1. Remove all containers

    $ docker rm `docker ps -a`

2. remove all the images

    $ docker rmi -f `docker images -q`
